Update README file (#911)
bitnami-labs/sealed-secrets: README.md

We don't technically use an independent private key for each namespace, but instead we *include* the namespace name
during the encryption process, effectively achieving the same result.

> Furthermore, namespaces are not the only level at which RBAC configurations can decide who can see which secret. In fact, it's possible that users can access a secret called `foo` in a given namespace but not any other secret in the same namespace. We cannot thus by default let users freely rename `SealedSecret` resources otherwise a malicious user would be able to decrypt any SealedSecret for that namespace by just renaming it to overwrite the one secret he does have access to. We use the same mechanism used to include the namespace in the encryption key to also include the secret name.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Furthermore, namespaces are not the only level at which RBAC configurations can decide who can see which secret. In fact, it's possible that users can access a secret called `foo` in a given namespace but not any other secret in the same namespace. We cannot thus by default let users freely rename `SealedSecret` resources otherwise a malicious user would be able to decrypt any SealedSecret for that namespace by just renaming it to overwrite the one secret they do have access to. We use the same mechanism used to include the namespace in the encryption key to also include the secret name.
```

Author: The text is about a situation in which a **user** could rename a SealedSecret to which the **user** has no access to and name it as a SealedSecret the **user** has access to so we do not allow anyone (users) to rename any SealedSecret.

In that case, how about:
```suggestion
Furthermore, namespaces are not the only level at which RBAC configurations can decide who can see which secret. In fact, it's possible that users can access a secret called `foo` in a given namespace but not any other secret in the same namespace. We cannot thus by default let users freely rename `SealedSecret` resources otherwise a malicious user would be able to decrypt any SealedSecret for that namespace by just renaming it to overwrite the one secret user does have access to. We use the same mechanism used to include the namespace in the encryption key to also include the secret name.
```
?

Reviewer 2: Replacing `he` by `user` in this context LGTM!

> Unfortunately, you cannot use e.g. "d" as a unit for days because that's not supported by the Go stdlib. Instead of hitting your face with a palm, take this as an opportunity to meditate on the [falsehoods programmers believe about time](https://infiniteundo.com/post/25326999628/falsehoods-programmers-believe-about-time).

A common misunderstanding is that key renewal is often thought of as a form of key rotation, where the old key is not only obsolete but actually bad and that you thus want to get rid of it.
It doesn't help that this feature has been historically called "key rotation", which can add to the confusion.

Sealed secrets are not automatically rotated and old keys are not deleted
when new keys are generated. Old `SealedSecret` resources can be still decrypted (that's because old sealing keys are not deleted).

### User secret rotation

The *sealing key* renewal and SealedSecret rotation are **not a substitute** for rotating your actual secrets.

A core value proposition of this tool is:

> Encrypt your Secret into a SealedSecret, which *is* safe to store - even inside a public repository.

> If you store anything in a version control storage, and in a public one, in particular, you must assume

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you store anything in a version control storage, and in a public one in particular, you must assume
```

No need for this comma.

### Early key renewal

If you know or suspect a *sealing key* has been compromised you should renew the key ASAP before you
start sealing your new rotated secrets, otherwise you'll be giving attackers access to your new secrets as well.

A key can be generated early by passing the current timestamp to the controller into a flag called `--key-cutoff-time` or an env var called `SEALED_SECRETS_KEY_CUTOFF_TIME`. The expected format is RFC1123, you can generate it with the `date -R` unix command.

### Common misconceptions about key renewal

Sealed secrets sealing keys are not access control keys (e.g. a password). They are more like the GPG key you might use to read encrypted mail sent to you. Let's continue with the email analogy for a bit:

Imagine you have reasons to believe your private GPG key might have been compromised. You'd have more to lose than to gain if the first thing you do is just delete your private key. All the previous emails sent with that key are no longer accessible to you (unless you have a decrypted copy of those emails), nor are new emails sent by your friends whom you have not yet managed to tell to use the new key.

> Sure, the content of those encrypted emails is not secure, as an attacker might now be able to decrypt them, but what's done is done.Your sudden loss of the ability to read those emails surely doesn't undo the damage. If anything, it's worse because you no longer know for sure what secret the attacker got to know. What you really want to do is to make sure that your friend stops using your old key and that from now on all further communication is encrypted with a new key pair (i.e. your friend must know about that new key).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Sure, the content of those encrypted emails is not secure, as an attacker might now be able to decrypt them, but what's done is done. Your sudden loss of the ability to read those emails surely doesn't undo the damage. If anything, it's worse because you no longer know for sure what secret the attacker got to know. What you really want to do is to make sure that your friend stops using your old key and that from now on all further communication is encrypted with a new key pair (i.e. your friend must know about that new key).
```

Currently, old keys are not garbage collected automatically.

> It's a good idea to periodically re-encrypt your SealedSecrets. But as mentioned above, don't lull yourself in a false sense of security: you must assume the old version of the `SealedSecret` resouece (the one encrypted with a key you think of as dead) is still potentially around and accessible to attackers. I.e. re-encryption is not a substitute for periodically rotating your actual secrets.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It's a good idea to periodically re-encrypt your SealedSecrets. But as mentioned above, don't lull yourself in a false sense of security: you must assume the old version of the `SealedSecret` resource (the one encrypted with a key you think of as dead) is still potentially around and accessible to attackers. I.e. re-encryption is not a substitute for periodically rotating your actual secrets.
```

## Developing

> Developing guidelines can be found [in the Developer Guide](docs/developer/README.md).

Reviewer: Good catch 😅

Author: Anytime 😉
